Hey, gang, some pretty big news to tell you about in the world of Private Cabin.
The movie, the long awaited first feature film from the private cabin collective that we've been taught in and flopping about for several well, a couple years now It's finished.
Yeah, it's been done.
Finished we We premiered it.
We had some fun.
Whether we tinkered with it, it's ready to go.
You, Khun See it?
It's available online for free.
What?
That's a great deal.
That is a great deals.
Go to video dot com slash private cabin.
You will find we are strangers in full for you to check out.
And yeah, I keep interrupting.
You find it's a fully improvised movie.
Kind of a fun little chasm.
Betty's Rift.
There's comedy, and there there's some drama in there.
There's me about four pairs of glasses ago in there.
What, you want me about twenty pounds ago?
Yeah, I don't know.
I dip up and down.
I can't tell who had go toady Toad with, but you will see appearances from W.
H M favorite.
Such a Sean whiner who also directed the sucker and Justin J.
K's, of course, appears in the film, along with several of our other comedy friends.
Eso vimeo dot com slash private cabin and as a special promotional thing for the worst of twenty fifteen months, all throughout the month, we're going to be plugging that.
This movie is available, but also as ah, on extra plug and an extra bonus for you guys are good.
Talented friend Adam Rocks are who did all the music in the film on Did the sound mix for the film.
He makes music on his own.
And so we will be premiering new tracks from his new album under his his recording artist Name of Rua, Are you W Ay s O.
At the end of each worst of twenty fifteen, you're going to get a new track from Rua on DH.
His information, of course, is ruin the band dot band camp dot com.
So we will premiere that a new song off this newly p Hey, hey, Just just but to something to make myself in a little album.
Oh, you're just going to bootleg from our podcast episode?
Yeah, Or maybe I'll give him money.
I'Ll give him money, but well, this is pre release.
It's No.
There you go.
So we are strangers.
The first feature film from the Private Cabin Collective Available now vimeo dot com slash private cabin Hello, Major Jew Pin Steven Say that Eric Cisco and we hate movies.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to we hate movies On the side Show network Thank you for tuning in as always.
Welcome to the first episode of the year twenty sixteen.
Did either of you think that we would live this long?
Well, no, not at all.
I assume the Mayan prophecy will come true.
And to be fair, the holidays were filming this before Christmas.
I don't know if I'm around in this episode airs.
You know, Steve is my pick in a death pool every day.
Oh, sure, especially in the we hate movies.
Death Pool.
Steve goes first.
Also, we're recording an episode or not filming anything.
Oh, unless you're surveilling us secretly.
Dude, are we periscope thing?
No, no shit.
Oh, put my pants back on.
Kicking off the year twenty sixteen as his tradition here.
We hate movies the worst of the previous year.
Kicking it off.
Entourage Directed by Doug Ellin The boys are back, you guys, the boys their way.
We got Vinnie Chase in the house tonight.
Isn't it cool?
And I talked like that.
Oh, yeah.
So different from your regular way.
You're talking in the house in house.
This is for those of you unfamiliar.
The film adaptation of the classic HBO show that I just learned ran eight seasons.
That is, that is bone chilling.
Eight seasons and a movie wowser That is insane.
That's the top of the mountain boys.
Look out on the horizon and all that.
Like, how many times are we going to be wringing our hands over whether or not Vince is going to do the movie?
Because I watched, like, three seasons of it, and that's all.
That shit was apparently a basically a decade right, because it took a little while to get the movie out.
So a decade?
Oh, apparently this takes place six months after the serious finale.
Yeah, like you, Andrew.
I stuck around about three seasons, and then I just checked out.
I was like, I'm really done with the show.
Yes.
I think every everyone should have been in that camp, probably.
And you know, Yeah.
You know, we're We're not perfect for watching it at the start.
You know it.
It was a weird time.
The country was at war way a picture we were drinking heavily, with no podcast to record.
Now exactly.
Add extra time on my hands.
They were picking up Sunrise Deli in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, NY.
Back to this cabin.
Old place Just being fat pig.
Oh, so so fat.
Oh, yeah.
So what else is going to watch it for thirty in the morning?
You're stuffing your face.
Yeah, it's like I just think back.
And it's like it's eight seasons and a movie of five dudes laying down on their backs, flipping their feet up back over their heads and sucking their own dicks.
Oh, my God!
The self suckering that culminates in a title wave of self entitled semen in this movie, I mean, and I think the first ish part of the show, like they were losers, you know, And that's kind of the right there.
Like lovable losers, intrigue like like coming up, you know, like Vinny Chase was the guy.
But these guys were like hanging on to him and like, you know, it's kind of scummy, but they don't really play it that way.
Yeah, bah, bah, blah.
But then now Turtle, I guess, is a billionaire, and he's got his own management company and drama who could care whatever else.
Well, that's the thing.
It's like when all of your characters succeed like that.
That's it.
It's over with pencils down.
Nobody cares.
It's like it's like new Jay Z albums.
Like I Like Jay Z when he's rapping about, like, hard.
How hard it was like the life that he had.
Sure, I don't need to hear Jay Z rap about how great it is to be the richest man on the planet.
Billionaires wrapping.
Not that interesting.
I have you heard?
Mark Cuban's album is all Oh, you dropped two tracks about to run to the F.
Y.
That's its only available in F.
Y.
I was going to see it would definitely be an envoy.
Exclusive.
Oh, my God.
Who we call the Cuban missile crisis.
Wouldn't No, no, no.
That's the name of the band.
Okay, Yeah.
Dropping hot missiles at.
Or could it be like Mark Cuban in the missile crisis?
Yeah, do that Like that way in this movie.
Him in his Frankenstein head.
Oh my God, yeah, this guy home, I got lumbering around.
That's, I guess, a place to start because this isn't a movie.
It's like it's twenty seven sixty second vignettes.
Well, it's It's the It's the ninth season of Entourage that you never wanted the hate.
They tricked us into seeing the ninth season of Entourage.
I haven't seen in, like, seven years old.
No, no, it's a movie like you.
Sure, Yeah, yeah, Go go back there towards the back.
But what's interesting is Theo good codes.
That's where the entourage movie is in the bag like it's I feel really burned because, like this entire time, I'm like, Well, I've been off the show for years and years and years.
So I killed your character off along.
I should say I've been off watching them.
So you didn't know the mythology.
You know, I just assumed that these people would have changed in any way.
And the biggest change is turtles, not fat anymore.
And all I cared about was a fat fucking turtle.
They should have all gotten fat Then he should have been run out of Hollywood like making a movie like an underdog story or something?
Yeah, like sedately.
Ten years in the future, right?
They all have wives.
Whose chief, you know, I mean, like visiting on the fat suit from Midian on for real?
Yes.
Oh, man, they all gain a punch away.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that would Yeah.
Or just Anything else that they said it, like, essentially think six months after the first line in this movie is from Johnny Drama.
I better jerk it before we get there, because it's going to be so much hot sex.
And that's like, talk about setting the tone for the remainder.
Every last single second of this movie is just jerking off, coming, fucking making comments about fucking talking to your friends about people you have fucked or may want to bunk and we open on a yacht.
And actually, I was looking to the time code, which is bad idea, because then you watching paint dry, basically.
Oh, yeah, totally.
I counted.
It's about two minutes until we see a bare chested woman in this.
Yeah, well, that's that's what you want.
I mean, listen, for the people who were excited for this movie, you know, and going to the theater to see this piece of shit.
Two minutes was two minutes too long.
Can I tell you about the people that are excited about this movie?
Sure.
I was getting a haircut about three months ago.
So, like, I think maybe too much.
Ah, the guy next to me, We also getting a haircut, young guy, Get the nice tape up, shape up haircut.
And he's like, Oh, man, would you see this summer that talking about the movies of Pasic?
Yo, bro, you go see Entourage and the barber.
You know, he's trying to make a tip You like I know I missed it.
You know a man now.
I mean, me and my boys, we rolled up and you could tell every squad was there with their boys.
And then they started playing the theme music and yeah, looking awesome.
Night, man.
And I'm going What world do you live in home are on the best fuckin world in the world?
Ha!
Entourage world went through a magic mirror and I never saw him again.
Like how?
How are you alive?
You know, ignorance is bliss, as I've read When that when those breasts popped out.
Those books, those that squad went nuts.
The other squad went night, all these squads.
So that father said to his young son, Well, there's her boomers.
Oh yeah, totally Dude right there.
And that kid was scarred for life.
And there's the exit.
Whoops.
This is the Entourage movie Great movie to bring your kids.
So what?
You saw you said Turtles of Millionaire because he made a tequila company and sold it to Mark Cuban, I guess.
Or something.
I don't know, Marshall, you're all Vince's going.
Vince is going to do the movie, but he got divorced after nine.
That's great celebrities.
Thing is like the first when the show began like he was in a loop dick and they kind of played it that way.
And everyone's like, Oh, that guy's kind of a dick Not in this movie, like he's still in a loof dick.
But it was It's cool.
It's Vince I love.
Well, now he's like a Oscar nominated actor.
Whatever he's in this movie, he's presented as a capital G genius.
Thiss guy is a genius, and he's goingto reinvent the game his way.
Ari Gold is now becoming.
And I quote the King of Hollywood on What does the King want?
He wants to be in the Vinnie Chase business.
What does Vinnie Chase one to direct his first film, Right?
And so that's like the thrust of this movie is Vince's directing a modern telling of Jekyll and Hyde that's just called Hide where he's like an e d M d j oh, shoot me in the fucking head.
I think that this is the first movie ever done where the movie itself qualifies as an episode, and I kind of feel like the movie within a movie also would be an episode.
Oh, yeah, because you know what it probably skews closest to in real life is like I Frankenstein.
Yes, it looks like exactly like I Frank, it's Yeah, it's I Frankenstein, but he's a D J that has, like anger pills or something, many like fires that out in everyone.
Like it's kind of the beginning of blade.
A little bit like it also felt very blade.
Yeah, Stephen Dorff to run in this giant rave, and the camera's going through the crowd and there's all these people in black leather and what?
Not just partying.
Having a good time doing drugs and what?
Not sure.
Like you want a party.
You know, randomly.
Just some breasts.
They're in there, you know, in the in highest.
No, I didn't notice.
I was new to d me.
I was too busy checking my watch.
So we get all this.
We get caught up with the boys after this kind of pointless yacht scene with very long Piers Morgan, where we are in the entrees.
University's doing this story not only on Vincent Chase, like he would and Ari Gold like you would.
Yeah, but about the entourage as well.
His interview internal and medals on camera that that was my question.
And I don't because I feel like you and I stop watching it at the same time.
But, like, does the world know about Turtle?
You know what I mean?
Like, my note was, who would watch this?
Who would watch this Piers Morgan special.
Who would give a fuck about what Turtle has been upto or any of his entourage?
Piers Morgan Thie on ly way anyone would give a shit about Vincent Chase's entourage is if in the world of entourage.
They made a show based off of that entourage that was also called Entourage.
Well, getting funny, you mentioned then that's the pitch of the very no.
Yeah, and isn't that the worst always in movies is when, like somebody, some character looks directly at the camera and he's like, Hey, guys, I got a great idea for a movie or a TV show we'LL know, and then they give you the plot of the movie or the TV show you're watching.
But here's how this movie's somehow makes that worse because it's pitched as a movie.
And then one of them goes, Ah, water now might make a better TV show.
Fucking fuck you movie!
And as an everybody slapping their knees Oh, yeah, you know that's the movie.
I just thought this is actually mirroring a moment that happened after Mark Walberg directed a movie that got five Golden Globe nominee Don't picture actor and the supporting actor.
In case you didn't know.
I mean, you have to know if you know anything about Entourage There a star Mark Walberg.
Mark Wahlberg is Vinnie Chase, right?
Hey, had to bring his buddies out to L.
A to prevent him from beating the shit out of any more Vietnamese gentlemen.
No problem.
Get also.
It's a trouble.
I gotta get Turtle and Hamster and Goober out here, bro.
Cooper's not coming, Brody.
And I tell you, Google can't make it.
Oh, no.
Goobers got cancer.
Oh, no.
Boobs.
The boobs.
He's got the kids.
Er, yeah.
The funny thing about it is like, that's a better TV show.
And movie is wall markers.
We have the wal burgers because, like those who are violent dudes like Mark Wahlberg and his fucking crew from Boston that were like breaking necks or whatever the hell they didn't came out in Hollywood Low.
Yeah, bro, We'll fucking kill you.
You don't like the Red Sox?
Oh, my God.
Is that a Patrick Ewing jersey?
Guba break this guy's back?
Oh, no, we can't because of the cancer.
Sorry.
I forgot about your frail bones, Goober.
All right, Petey Gooberman.
Yeah, Goober didn't make it to twenty sixteen like the rest of us, have you?
Has anyone tried to watch an episode of Walburn know?
Because I haven't had cable for, like six years, so I missed the invention of it.
Well, it's on, It's It's I think it's a knee or something terrible.
And I saw it in a hotel room, actually.
Yeah, and yeah, yeah.
Are they literally just making cheeseburgers?
My mom's making burgers is the other on the show.
Us is he?
Is he on his Mark Wahlberg on it?
He is really okay.
You know what?
It's it's so like.
I don't remember a lot of it, but it's just dumb.
It's just like I gotta get these burgers out.
Well, I would wait.
Your table seven's would wait twenty minutes.
It's like the most boring parts of, like Food network shows.
Yeah, like mystery diners or something.
And it's just like pro for you see that blue hair out that sit in a table?
Seven, bro.
That's Cooper's mom.
Her meal is compro just so you don't fucking forget her meals.
Fucking calm.
She lost a son who is terrible.
It was terrible.
I would wager that Mark Walberg is on Wal burgers as much as Kevin Smith is on that fucking comic book stores show.
Yeah, I special appearance.
I've not seen that one.
Didn't you watch a little bit of that?
No, I mean everyone thinks I did, but I did.
Yeah, I guess that's what I was just unfairly making assumptions.
And I have been to that comic book store a couple times in the neighborhood.
That's cool.
Yeah, so we do.
This whole piers Morgan is what you missed on Entourage.
I think even Piers Morgan is like, Wow, Turtle, you lost a lot of weight to think.
You know what?
I don't need a thin norm.
I certainly don't need a thin turtle.
Totally.
If you saw me, if I saw a thin Norm Peterson, I'd throw up and I would not watch the cheers movie.
Which, by the way, how did cheers never have a movie?
Because they had fucking respect for the audience way ended it the way we wanted it to.
Good night, America.
That's actually true.
Like we were a television show.
And that's where we shall stay.
Yes, and I don't That's something.
I mean, I don't understand.
This whole thing about these fucking and TV shows need to be movies like, what is it worked Naked Gun.
The only thing is weird.
Like something like that deadwood thing where the show didn't end the right way and, like, how do we wrap it up, right?
Like, let's let's let's let's look, have a movie to catch all the loose threads and make something nice, like you're just going to do it on HBO And it's going to live there because they know what I mean.
Like, I don't need that shit to be theatrically released.
Were there loose threads in the eight seasons of Entourage that we had to sit through?
There were more movies that Vince may or may not do that That's true.
Or, like, you know, those fucking sex and the city movies like those air trash I have not.
I saw the first one in theatres.
There's air conditioning movie experience.
Yeah, sure.
What did they use the theme song in that movie?
Yeah, I do believe it's okay because I was a little dismayed.
I really didn't want to hear that Perry Farrell song ever again.
I mean, I like Jane's addiction, but, like who doesn't but that show ruin that Jane's Addiction's on Oh, yeah, Oh, yeah, yeah and least do something different with it.
It's just the same old driving around L.
A.
With Like my name in lights.
Yeah, the opening credits with exact same.
Like using acoustic.
That's what I mean, like these An acoustic version, maybe.
Like get Richard Cheese of Dick Careful, like Richard Chase Richard Cheese.
And it's showing like Skid Row.
Yeah, names were like in cigarette butts because they've fallen on hard times.
And this is the comeback movie.
That's the thing.
Have them do something where there's, like conflict in this movie, this is literally just four episodes of Entourage in a row.
It's man.
Is it ever a house?
It's not just the appropriate movie comedy length of ninety Minutes flat, you know, Why did I need that extra fourteen minutes?
Where did that get pulled from?
Like I think it's probably adding up all those useless celebrity cameos.
Let's get into that.
Sure, please.
I don't know.
I guess this.
I mean, from what I remember, this was sort of the thing on the show where they run into people in Hollywood or whatever.
Every episode had somebody, I mean, but my God were jamming them in, and they barely fart before they leave the screen.
Well, a lot of them are callbacks from the show itself.
You know Gary Beause he was on the show.
I believe Bob Saget was on the show as well.
Cuban, I think, was on the show.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
So obviously Mark Walberg was farting around off course, bro.
You got his memory alone.
You'd think that, at least for goobers memory alone now is could have a larger cameo.
Good.
Is Goober a riel hood in his posse?
You know, now we're making that up.
That dude hamsters.
Really?
Though hamster hamster is the guy in the movie was like, I'm fucking crazy.
He's the guy that got caught up.
Richard Gere, right?
Is that what religion is?
He was caught up.
Richard Gere way.
Heard about that?
Yeah.
So everybody the boys go back to business.
Vince's has directed.
This movie is like one hundred million dollars.
And here's the thing like No anything about Hollywood, a movie where in a super future deejay is based on Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That's a summer blockbuster tent pole, and that's all it is.
And it's fun, and it's either good or really terrible.
Well, if it's really terrible, will release again in February.
Like Fucking High Frankenstein was going to say This is February written all it really does, but it's not and it's like, Oh my God, this movie is great.
Like when everyone who sees this movie's Oh my, this is a great movie There's Brian Song, The Godfather and Hide You just want to Like I was watching it like No, Jeremy Piven didn't just say he thought it was excellent, right?
Because, like the conflict of the movie is, we've got a bomb on our hands, Yes, but no.
It's the best fucking movie he's ever seen that so there's no conflict in the movie.
Well, that there's bad guys that take the shape of fat people is that try and bring that Bring Vince and all this thin.
But all of this thin buddies and down now, right, because there's an the outside interest Is Billy Bob Thornton's playing this Texan millionaire that's got all of his money wrapped up in Hollywood?
Apparently, Yeah, I'd wager he's a billionaire, right?
Yes.
Oh, Lorne Malvo here it wants his money to be protected, you know.
So he sends his chubby youngster Teo, you know the coast with the coming of hell Egil Osmond, Rich high Travis Malvo.
Yeah, and I continue.
Who to enjoy this renaissance of Haley Joel Osment.
I think he's He has really found a voice as being a comedic actor, and I think it's great he does a fun performance in this movie, even though this movie's not good at all.
No, like he's watchable and Billy Bob watchable and honestly, like whatever about him.
As a person like Jeremy Piven is an entertaining guy, and the character's supposed to be obnoxious, and he's good at doing this.
Ari Gold Eric.
That's That's the only reason to even, like, maybe glance at this movie when it's playing it best by you know what I mean?
Like what?
You're shopping for other things.
It's playing a best buy like Oh, maybe I'LL stand here for a second.
Maybe Jerry people do.
Oh, no, I'm not.
Yeah, when you're when you're going to Best buy Teo, use your your holiday gift cards that you received a couple weeks back Glance at Entourage and maybe you'LL catch a glimpse of the pivot.
So it's It's a Vince's over budget.
Ari is the studio head, apparently at one hundred million dollars budget.
He needs ten million dollars more to do something, and they that movie never tells you what that is.
There's a cut of the movie that people dig is great.
It's the fucking godfather, times three or whatever.
But no one says that.
Oh, that ten million is going to go towards special effect.
It's going to go towards another character is going to re shoot this one scene that we didn't get audio for you.
Something going to some detail about anything but no, it's It's just like this.
The shows like this Do you know?
It's just this this part?
It's like it's like Hollywood fart of like, No, we just need money and just put money and movies come out like Heaven forbid we try to look at Vincent Chase is like, you know, this actor turned director and what his vision is for this movie and why he because the whole beginning of the movie, like the whole first act, is he's hesitating, showing Jeremy Piven account of the movie and like, yeah, like you said, Steve, like you don't know what his beef with it is or what he's like worried about happening with the movie, and they just fucking skip that whole thing.
It's just glossed right over.
You know what?
It's Ah replaced with todo o big time because it's parties and Kevin Connelly's character who is e.
Who I think is the biggest piece of shit in the movie.
So definitely without question or doing your classic nice guy persona, you're you're nice Ted Bundy like, No, I'm a nice guy.
I don't I don't openly hate women.
I swear to God, I know you're a dick.
That's the thing.
The nicest guy in the movie is the biggest fucking scumbag.
Yes, I think I've seen all year like I don't remember much about the show.
I stopped watching it when when Martin Landau refused to let him play Joey Ramone and I was like, Well, that would have been kind of interesting to watch.
So I'm just done with the show like That's why I stopped.
By the way.
Joey Ramone movie Adam Driver done.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, bedtime.
I totally Marsh let Oscar is all over the place.
They made a C B G B movie a couple of years ago.
Somebody like that total dog shit and I don't know who's playing them and they're probably nobody.
Yeah, for you.
I was going with this Kevin Connolly.
Oh, yeah, like I didn't remember if Kevin Connolly was this much of a scumbag in this movie.
But, like, I could smell the fucking just gross fumes coming off this dude in this movie, he's like a creep.
He's actually, like, kind of a creep.
It's like he used to be like the blue collar, like he was our stand in, right?
He was the guy, like right?
He's the humble beginnings.
He was He was like a pizza maker he manages, borrows Dude, Yeah, Kew Gardens.
Yeah.
Oh, and by the way, anyone visiting New York City in this coming this new year here, Sbarro isn't pizza.
Now go find other pizza just to use the Internet to find actual fucking pizza.
But also don't go to a place that's making pizza and sandwiches and selling your chicken thie salads, too.
Like they they exist.
You just gotta skip past him.
Anything that's got an ends, those kind of feel that's where you want to be.
That's what my wife always says.
If there's a pizza place that's making a gyro in the same stand up.
No, not pizza, anyway, but yes.
So he was our like guide into this world, and we opened the movie.
He's like having sex with some lady and like, it's really gross sex, you know, because she's actually a porn actress.
That's why you see quite so much of her.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
And it's just like, Oh, I have to stop fucking because my ex girlfriend eyes calling me.
I fucked her once and got her pregnant.
So we're like, dealing with this, right?
She's going to be having a baby.
But it's like such an afterthought for this character and all these characters because the whole, like, the gist of this home movie is those parties and, yeah, we're gonna live forever.
We're gonna party forever.
We're going to drink and have fun for if we're never going to get all Well, the funny thing is, they also I think at some point, maybe right after the Piers Morgan interview, I think turtles like bro, we're almost all thirty five.
And I'm like, No, you're not.
You're forty years old.
Does he say that in this movie?
Almost thirty five Yeah, my okay.
And that's that's the thing is like, Why not?
Just, like where your heart on your sleeve and be like, Look, these guys were going What happens when Entourage kind of gets old?
It doesn't have to be like, you know, a tale of woe, but like, you know, that they're struggling with it a little bit.
You're right, because this is like was that anchorman line like we've been going to the same party for ten years and that is a no way depressed, exactly like absolute.
We do this podcast once a week.
I love seeing you guys after thirty.
You hanging out with, like, your friends every single day, like your sixteen years old.
No, I'm mostly going home and fallen asleep watching who with my wife.
I sleep in a big bed with my wife.
You know what every like.
That's what I escaped with a race car.
It's not even about getting married or like having a spouse or anything.
It's no Steve.
I just don't need to see your ugly ass face.
Everyone does that.
What does worry independent people when that?
Because this whole entourage concept is like, bro, where you gonna be?
If Johnny's not here to wipe your Yeah, you're exactly right like this.
We've had eight seasons and we're now in a movie.
Guess what entourage?
Vince has it.
You can fly away, Turtle.
Well, Turtle, isn't it dependent Millionaire a multimillionaire most the time.
I think we're turtles House.
Not not Vinny's.
No, you're totally right.
Yeah, most.
This movie is at Casa de Turtle, and he's the one he's still driving Vincent Chase around.
It's like, What?
What?
Like that?
You know, you're making a movie.
Here's the thing you wanna have, Turtle, be this like, multi millionaire with this tequila company you introduced.
The new character is the new driver.
You know what I mean?
And that's how we progress as fucking storytellers, Doug.
Eleanor like and like, Maybe like when turtle hits it big, he buys like Vin a real nice car.
Or like a classic guitar that was owned by who knows, like a multi million dollar presently.
Thank you so much for getting my feet wet.
I'm now going to be an adult somewhere, and I'm gonna hang out with you when you when I can.
We're gonna hang out.
We're gonna smoke weed like once a month.
It's gonna be totally awesome.
But I can't live here, and I can't do whatever this is yet.
No, thanks, everybody.
We need to be adults now.
And I'm looking at you.
Kevin Dillon as Johnny Drama.
You know what, Johnny Drama, if you're not as successful as these other people, it's okay for you to live in an apartment.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Like any old, he's always a booking work like he was on a bunch of TV shows.
The residuals.
He's fine.
Like he's not.
Yeah, Ewan Stamos residuals.
But he's doing okay.
No, definitely not doing.
Stay.
Most residuals, please.
He's like Johnny Drama.
It's all the never too young residual never too young to die residuals.
That's what you're talking about, right?
I can't believe I'm saying this, but he's probably the most interesting character throughout the syriza.
Yeah, and in this movie he has more conflict.
He has the whole thing of like him in this humility, like he's being embarrassed all the time, But at least he's going through an emotion that's beyond Oh, yeah, now he's allowed to fail, so it's a character I wanna watch like even, you know.
And that's the difference, right?
Like even if Vinnie's movie fails, the episode ends with him getting blown by a supermodel.
But I don't give a fuck like the perfect.
Does your squad give a fuck, though I'm just curious.
I think the two of you are my squad.
Do you give him?
No, no, no, bro.
No one's ever cast a picture.
He's fat pigs and said, Hashtag squad gold will tell you that.
Dude, I've never known what that means.
Please explain your our youth consultant, senior U, The consultant Steve, I think, Oh, new title for the new Year.
Like it, I think it just means like, Oh, one day my squad will achieve this.
And you know, it's usually like Yoda and Luke and, like, you know what?
No Squad is an acronym.
No, it's just means like the dude's and endure your entourage that I hang out with you, like your group looking at my grew or yeah, your social circle as it will.
Yeah, but what you know, if you're not going to do it in the show, you can do it in the movie because it's a movie and you should be able to do whatever you want.
Like use this as a way to, like, sad arise Hollywood like contemporary, disgusting, soulless, fucking Hollywood.
But they don't do that.
It's just like, Look at my swinging dick.
Being so successful in Hollywood isn't my swinging dick Great.
Isn't it weird that this movie didn't do so well?
I did not know it.
It did not do well.
It made money.
It made it's money.
But, like, just like a twenty seven million dollars budget made like forty nine like not, oh, that's not good at all.
So that means we probably won't be having an entourage to shove down our throats like that.
Sex in the Citys.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Eso yeah is like having sex with this one woman and then, like he goes to, like, Do Lamas class, where Sloane he gets attacks from this lady while he's showing Sloan something, and she goes, I want your cock when she should says, I want your Kevin Connolly cock comma for some reason.
But she says, I want your cock for some reason, and he Sloan sees it, and he calls her up afterwards And for some, he tells the girl.
Oh, by the way, this weird relationship I'm having with my cortical baby mama, she saw you send that text.
Why would you ever let this woman know that that happened?
Yeah, you know what?
If he's just a nice guy, yeah, that's what that's what he does.
Yeah, he does say that, right?
He's like, I'm always honest.
I don't That's not good.
Honest you do.
You know, it's also not interesting character.
Yeah, or or who gives a shit, Eric, who gives a shit?
But I heard the young lady's name is Melanie.
And after that exchange, she's like, I don't know, E, this is too weird.
It is really weird.
Is where?
Why's your your pregnant ex girlfriend or ex wife looking at your text messages?
Like I thought we were having some fun here.
Fuck you.
Well, I've needed Mark.
Yeah, we do know the truth of that scene is that he's showing her a picture of his niece that was just born over.
It's just one of those like hope nobody text me while this is happening.
You know, you guys always text me lewd jokes and things of that nature that I'm always like.
Sure hope they don't test anything when I'm showing my wife this picture of a puppy I would hate your wife to see when I text you.
I want your cut.
Yeah, that would be pretty awkward.
You know, it's a good thing.
Do not disturb.
Oh, see, youth consultant Harry knows how to use the tech.
What?
You're trying to go to sleep?
It's Somebody might be stoned texting you.
I'm not looking at anyone in through a two o'Clock in the morning.
You haven't solved it.
It's difficult to go back to sleep, do that, That's all Fine.
I'm glad you found that.
And stop yelling at me through text.
Look at anybody in the room.
Okay?
So that confirms it wasn't me.
I'm the guy that texts you had six a.
M.
O.
You got to toe that I sleep early and sleep late.
So one of the big like set pieces of this movie is they're going to have a test screening for Hyde on then.
True.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Fashion.
It's not a fucking professional test screening in a screening room with fucking ten people.
Know it is a five hundred person beach party.
We're having a beach party bra.
And this, this again, is another missed opportunity for this movie, because is like, Oh, don't worry, I'm having everyone here sign an N D.
A.
It's totally fine, and they're setting up a gigantic movie size like movie theater size screen up, out on the beach.
And I was like, Oh, man, someone's going to get the movie on the boot.
It's going to leak.
Yes, things going to be a disaster.
Nope.
Doesn't like another fucking blown avenue to go down?
And also, why would you attend?
Screening on the Beach is a terrible circumstance to watch a movie, especially a prestige question mark.
Oh, man, outdoor screenings.
It's.
Here's what I always watch Superman on after it has to be a movie you've seen a thousand times.
That's why when you look at outdoor screenings, it's like Ghostbuster Casablanca, Superman Top Gun.
Yeah, not a new movie that no one knows anything about.
And you're looking for serious fucking feedback and everyone else the everyone there is looking at, Not the movie.
They're looking at the goods, as I like to say you know you brought bro.
Brock.
Can we get into Gary Busey?
And this way we could totally get into Gary Abuse.
The ghost of Gary Beauty.
I might call him.
Dude, I don't think he ever knew the camera was rolling.
I think he was just talking and I said, He looks a little frail.
Yeah, I think he's reprising his character.
That was Gary Busey on the show like And then you come back as like the same thing.
He's like doing like, fake mysticism stuff.
Oh, is that what he did?
I mean, I don't think I got to get a museum now, and it's just like it's kind of sad, like we're talking about the inner conflict of humanity's sense of good and evil.
Hey, is the camera rolling yet?
Doug, I got a lot of good stuff up my sleeve.
You might have to wear these sunglasses the whole time.
My eyeballs fell out three days ago.
I'm hold together by mostly duct taping disappoint.
I'm kind of like the invisible man.
No, this isn't my hair.
It's a ripped up straw hat.
That's what it looks like.
I did does man.
I know another fifty motorcycle crash Duck.
Hey, Doug, what's a duct tape situation?
This side, this side of the world?
Just wanna make sure my own arms stay together like, you know, I get it like your whole thing was like, celebrities came in and made these canyons.
And what now?
But you're making this movie like get a solid group of, like, maybe five celebrities.
They keep coming back in because it's like in this scene alone, like Clay Matthews, Russell Wilson.
Like all these football, Baron Davis is there for some reason, totally.
And you're just like all these people are just running in like, Hey, Vance, that's cool.
And that's the cameo Russell, apparently during the scene.
Russell Wilson, who's in the scene quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks, eyes talking t about being sure.
It's kind of a gag.
And I think there was a football scene wherein Kevin Conley broke his leg good and they had to, like, write around it or something, which I guess I don't know what that even means.
I didn't even pay attention.
Was East sitting down a lot.
He was on his back a lot.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Um, who else do we get the dice, man shows up the nice man in full dice man regalia.
He is wearing a concert T shirt like that.
You could buy a nice man.
Show on.
Of course.
You look well going to do it.
But I want my shirt.
I got to sell things to you.
Stupid fuck.
Doug Ellin, Can I put my website on the back of my leather jacket?
No, you can't date.
What is he even talking about?
This movie doesn't like career advice or something like, Hey!
Oh, he says something, Kevin Deal.
And I think I don't know at this point, Kevin Dillon is roofing up.
A nice He's got Molly and Viagra.
He's put in a water bottle, right?
Because because by the way, I think it's Queens Boulevard and Mehdi and Awe tour Billy Walsh.
Oh, that's who.
That guy.
Okay, he's got a like it's like I'm fucking candy jar full of like Molly.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, Billy, I thought you are quit drugs.
I quit the drugs that make you angry, bra.
Well, that always bugged me.
And this is one of the reasons I walked out on the show.
Was like Billy was a character that was like supposed to be, like, kind of a genius, like actual, a good director.
But like he was always the butt of every joke for having any artistic integrity whatsoever.
Right?
So, you know, this is the chauffeur may and like and the same thing here is just a crazy nut case, right?
It's It's art, bro.
Yeah, exactly, man.
That's a bad person to be around.
Oh, man, Bro, whose artistic?
I think we knew.
Quite a few art bro's back cow way.
Newsome are pros for sure.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So So Hee gets roof feet.
And he's on all this Molly with a fucking a gigantic, throbbing erection.
And he's running around this movie and then some girl shows up.
There's a K.
You're cute.
For some reason.
Kevin Connolly and shit, they go upstairs in Turtles House and have sex.
Turtle is giving the tortilla Rhonda Rousey on DH, who's and she's a kind of the main celebrity in this film.
She like her length of appearance or length of screen time in this movie is what I wish you got like another four celebrities to do.
Yeah, and those were the cameras like this is her trying to get in acting.
I will say this.
I honestly think this no joking here on the comedy show.
I think Rhonda Rousey is a delight in this movie.
I think I think her jokes, air hitting.
She's got good screen presence and I'll tell you what I'll watch that fucking road house remake.
Oh, that's right.
She's doing that.
Yeah, that's kind of Oh, yeah, and she beats the fucking ever loving shit out of Turtle, which is awesome.
That's fun.
Come on, that's cool.
So because she fights turtles, that makes her the film's hero.
Rhonda Rousey is the hero of this, but it's a weird circumstance in which she fights Turtle.
And I'm sorry listener.
We are jumping around.
There's no ability to this.
There is just, you know what?
We're jumping vignette, Vignette before we get is one of the Finnish Alex.
Let's finish the weird sexual experience with he says he's having Sex and Turtles house and you know, Turtle.
Rhonda Rousey knew each other.
He's a hitting honor.
And then, like these, you know, get to the tour.
The better was, and I wondered, Has he says, I think someone's fucking in there.
It's just kind of funny.
Dude, I got a huge, legitimate laugh out of that delivery.
That's what I'm talking about.
They knocked on the door and it's e.
And here's the file.
Thankfully, our squad, such as it is If I walked in on either of you, having sex would be low shit and close the door quickly, no matter what does.
I'm sorry if it's my house, your house, whatever it is that about up and we'LL talk about it later turtles like Oh, yeah, we're all good for you It was anybody else fucking at my house I'd be so pissed off but it's kind of cool e and run red Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah Run as he's like I guess I'm in this movie and wave uh, Jo Brand Where was I going?
The not too distant future.
Oh, well, yes.
Oh, yeah.
The Rhonda Rousey versus the turtle fight turtle.
Okay, so here's the weird stakes of that fight.
If Turtle khun last sixty seconds, he gets the beggar right, which I feel is anger date.
I will.
No sex.
No, but no.
But it's It's a joke.
It's a joke.
But he's like, I better last that long.
I Well, now you're gonna have to Him six with me says I'm going to collect on that bet by the world and I don't care.
You bets up, Pat?
Yeah, Total that.
Yeah, that's a weird bet to fucking cash in.
But what she says is, if you can last thirty seconds in the ring with me without tapping out, we can go on a date.
Right now, he says he says, if I last thirty seconds in the ring with you, will you go out to dinner with me and her responses?
Have you last sixty?
You can fuck me.
Okay.
And is based on a true story by Goober and China nineteen ninety five.
I think it was broken in the Cooper.
You could do it, man.
Bro, it's China.
Don't worry.
She had got nothing.
Wants to fuck you, Kuba.
Oh, no, Goober.
Goober got beaten.
Good.
He's going to the hospital now and then at the hospital when they run all the tests in Broken bow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
My dad's with Goob.
Guess what?
Only a couple of stress fractures in your arm bro.
But turns out you got pelvic cancer.
Oh, no, bro.
Goober.
And feeling too good about this.
No group of Mark's not feeling good about it.
Neither.
Hamster doesn't like getting Peter goop Warren with.
We're in with you for the long haul, bro.
Whatever you need.
Hold my hand, Guba.
Abs, Sir, you're the Hercules of pissed off, too.
The part of a stick.
Deep squad, bro.
It's big ooga hamster and the Hercule Lloyd.
I'm crazy.
That's right, Archy.
Alloy.
That is going to be an uphill battle.
But she looked, breaks his arm, right.
He breaks his arm and he doesn't tap out till the thirty second went out to dinner.
Yeah, it's It's a weird situation.
It is.
And this is another thing.
This happens at the beginning of this scene that I was like, What the fuck is going on?
They go everywhere together.
They really do thirty five.
I'LL be thirty five in about three years.
My God, if I'm hanged, if I'm going everywhere with anyone, kill yourself.
Yeah, it's like the whole thing is set up.
There was an awkward misunderstanding where Rhonda like invited turtle over for brunch or something.
and Kevin Dillon, like, got in his head, and he made him think it was more like a business meeting.
So turtles like pitching or all this shit like you should start a vodka Lina was for Dan Ackroyd.
You know all this?
Dan Ackroyd's making more vodka than he is movies these days.
That would have been a welcome cam.
Sure, maybe.
And, you know, I know you like Rhonda here, but if someone was trying to a wound and it got more interesting Hey, Rhonda, wanna go on a date with me?
You talk about UFO's, but so then there's this much misunderstanding where she's, like, thinking of it more as a personal thing, right?
Yeah.
So she gets pissed off and kicks him out.
So he's like, I should go apologize to Rhonda.
She says, come apologize in person.
So they're like, we'LL get in the car, bro will go apologize to Rhonda.
I'd be like, Why don't you fucking hang out, Drama?
Wait.
Do we mentioned that they they meet from Turtle obsessively stalking her in a car, chasing her?
Run her off the road?
Oh, yeah.
Is it so pro?
It's right.
The rows ee and they drive around.
Got a thing for bro.
So I'm gonna follow her.
The drive Music starts.
Turtle is not a real hero or a real human being.
You have to fit the scorpion jacket.
That's that's fun.
He finally got.
She hilariously takes out some like nightstick and beats the shit out of Vince's car, which is pretty now that she's like, Oh, hi, Vince, you know, because it's small town Hollywood.
Everybody knows everybody stars are rubbing elbows and they're out tonight.
You don't like what we discovered we should do This way is we'LL talk about each character's whole plot line one on one because right, that's kind of a good thing, because, I mean, I'm sorry.
This is this is a horrible student.
Yeah, it's hard to digest, and we can't figure out what to talk.
Oh, yeah, This movie gave me acid reflux.
Don't worry about it.
The next we got e so like he gets he has sex with this one girl.
He's trying to woo back Solonius sex with this other girl because he gets refried by drama.
And, like, really drugged out of turtles, turtles, house.
That's gonna happen.
A turtle's house you, don't you put your drink down a turtle's house.
You leave your drink down the turtles out.
Oh, yeah.
Meanwhile, you are the producer of this hundred plus million dollar movie.
Yeah, and you're getting fucking whacked out on drugs and fucking when you should be worried about this movie might be tanking.
There's so little work actually done.
Like, how about Turtle?
Actually do something for that, cos show me what is going on.
And some way, how about something happens?
There's, like a production malfunction and, like the stock of his tequila company plummets for some reason.
No, it has to be a fucking fantasy forever.
I almost I think I might have a working fan theory.
We'LL get back to ae in just a second.
It's fine.
Everybody put your pencils down my list ical ready for your fan theory.
All right.
And we've been saying this a lot lately because it's it's basically every fan theory, and it's really dumb.
What if Turtle this This is a whole turtles imagination when he's dead?
Yep.
This is the flickering leaving the eye of a dead dead fat.
Oh, I like where you're going with this definitely took some bad Mexican weight loss pills.
Yeah, he's like, What if I was Oh, what?
What if I was thin?
Oh, I'd be sleeping with Rhonda Rousey.
I known him.
I'd be friends with Mark Cuban with a multi million dollar company when in reality, he just o d'd while watching SportsCenter.
Right?
He's just like, jerking off.
He's twitching on the floor right now in the entire movie.
R I p D turtle.
It's all It's all pro turtle and goober laughing it up in heaven.
How band?
I got a tattoo on one bicep.
A terrible the other one.
A goober.
I only got two biceps, a hotel.
My friends die.
Then they're going to be sharing biceps, bro.
Just add to their faces over the other faces would be pretty cool.
And I always said, When Levar Burton goes, I'm getting him on my back.
Huge TMNT fan.
And he taught me how to read when he was in his thirties, right?
Yeah, I know, Hercules, you got these.
I'm gonna get be tense, so my my knees when you guys go But I think you guys live forever.
I don't know your cure, Lloyd.
How am I supposed to know how long argue Lloyd's live anyway, back to this movie, that's kind of about me.
Throw the journey of Let's get Let's get into the nitty gritty So he I mean, it's it's kind of stupid.
Like he goes toe lamas class with with Sloan, right?
And she's like, Hey, you know this Actresses who?
Manuel Suri shriek, shriek, Okay.
And I think I don't know that.
And what is the backstory between them, though They were do they were the Sam and Diane of Entourage, such as it was, But then he, like, screwed her mother or something.
He fought Pat.
This is way after I left.
But he had sex with their stepmother.
Sure.
Her dad, By the way, Malcolm McDowell in the show.
No Malcolm McDowell Canyon with doing burrito commercials.
Well, unless they Unless they, like, killed him off on possible right?
Did he sleep with him to hell?
Oh, ee, Oh, now you had sex with me.
I'm going to turn into a puma now.
Well, I think it looks like Johnny drugged.
You gonna eat this stuff off my body and live lick lick?
I couldn't help myself I want your cocky.
And now I'm a cat.
I got someone texted you.
Malcolm.
Malcolm, I want your cock.
What is it?
That's my father.
Even though that he sent you a cute cat picture.
Oh, no, that's him.
Nobody turned into a cat.
It's Malcolm, but down, cat, it's a cat.
Dick pic Isn't Malcolm McDowell on that new Amazon commercial?
Where you going?
Wow, you've gotta show hole.
And I'm just, like, stop saying show all TV Well, Entourage had a show in this movie filled that fuck hole just like E.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, man, there's going to be an e Jr and this guys out contracting all kinds of Well, speaking of contracting, what happens, he's they're like, Oh, sh will, you won't will you get back together And she's like, I don't know.
You kind of lost me when you had sex with my stepmother, writer, family and you fucked my dad that time when he turned into a cat, you also fucked my dog's butt.
And she's like, Oh, you know, if you want, come to my house, we'LL have sex because I'm pregnant.
I kind of just want somebody around.
I don't mean it's hard to meet somebody when you're pregnant, which I imagine is true.
And he gets a phone call from the first woman, and she's like, Look, I'm pregnant.
You better meet me in twenty minutes, right?
And he's a Oh, fuck, bro.
And he's like, Oh, I can't meet you.
But then they have sex.
Like that day they get does Does the science work on that?
I'm not a sign.
Come.
Pretty sure the science doesn't work on that.
Actually, they also, by the way, E, I guess doesn't believe in wrapping it up, which means My God, what's going on over there?
What's going on is Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Is that the Richard cheese version?
Oh, no.
Mine is a lot better.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thanks for coming out tonight.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, yeah.
It's been great playing this New Jersey casino.
Richard cheese.
So he goes out to lunch with the He's like, Oh, I can't you know, he jeopardizes this thing with Sloane.
He goes out to lunch, you know, I'm sorry.
He feels like shit.
He's walking hangdog drama and turtle pick him up because it just drive out.
Egan the God, bro.
Come on, you bro.
Bro said he he's walking around the Peanuts music's plane because, man, that humdrum dude and toast.
Sorry you fucked so many people in this short amount of time of this movie.
Dude, they did that gag in arrested development.
That's just here without the piano.
You need the piano and they're like, Bro, get in the car.
Nobody walks in L.
A.
What do you want?
Fucking homeless person and entourage is supposed to be kind of a comedy.
Why can't they play up stuff for laughs beyond the It's witticisms?
It's a comedy drama, Eric, I might say.
It's a comedy.
Johnny Drum.
I like Aunt.
He explained the whole thing to them.
All right, bro, you go in there.
We'LL be here for moral support and they wind up going in the restaurant with him.
They can't help themselves, And he's like, What the fuck are you doing?
And he's like, bro, we're hungry and it's like you're in Los Angeles.
Turtle and fucking drama go any?
Where else to get food.
Let me have an adult moment by myself.
I may have gotten to women pregnant.
No, I need to.
I need to be here with my buddies.
My buddies need toe, watch me do this and then take pictures of me, by the way.
And then the third girl shows up and she's like, Oh, you know, that happened really fast.
Can I sit down?
And he's like, Oh, no, I'm supposed to be the other one.
It's like a bad episode of Entourage.
By the way on, she basically just she starts saying that she might have an STD and he starts freaking out, and basically the other one sits down as well.
And she's like, by the way we got you or something there one roommates.
As it turns out, I wanted to teach you a lesson.
And you know what the lesson is, dude, like, shut the fuck up of the honestly, there's no point to like wine.
Doesn't he have to kid women pregnant?
You know, exactly that would be such an interesting thing.
I'm thinking the same thing.
I was like, Oh, again, Here's another opportunity for conflict in this movie.
No, but you know why?
Because the party's never going to stop way.
We're never going to get old.
Oh, my God.
And you know, I think this qualifies as a a sexy prank.
Yeah, it's kind of a sexy prank.
They held sleep with them and they both make up a bogus terror stories.
Who maybe there's repercussions.
Percussion.
Now there it is of your acts like hair wear a condom ever.
Well, yeah, let's let's just go back to spend the twelve dollars to get a box of condoms.
You millionaire, you six crazed millionaire.
You think there'd be a closet full of them around?
They're totally like, Come on, you you admire?
Yeah, these people like Mark Cuban.
You don't think Mark Cuban's wrapping it up?
Mark Cuban's wrapping it up.
Yeah, well, he's also he's wrapping it up, and he's having the women killed after wrapped up in garbage bags and those air impenetrable.
But, man, you know, there's so many shots and so many parties, and there's so much shots of these parties, man that like these, these girls in bikinis dancing around Yeah, their dead eyes thanks.
And it's just like, Hey, we're just meat.
I don't think that's how the movie presents that we bought me.
No, you're right, because this movie is forty year old dudes Googling nineteen year old girls and having sex with nineteen year old girls the entire time.
And he is that even at the scene where the two women who he had sex with, like behind their back and bubble blah like he's in a relationship with the first one kind of yeah, it's They all have to stop themselves and say, But you're a really nice guy because you talk in a small voice, I guess like you're a scumbag dude like you're a legitimate fucking scumbag.
Well, he's soft spoken.
He's got He's got, like, a cute like Queens accent a little bit.
You know, I just I'm just a humble man.
I used to manage a Spyros down mount here.
I'm a millionaire movie producer.
I mean whom I am.
Nobody.
I am Nothing.
What?
Let's get fucking Q p dol Look.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's it's great.
Text me again about my cock.
Yeah, school's turtle.
I got a hard on wear.
We're going to do about this also.
I just didn't think whether we get it tio about Oh, man, that happened with Goober, Goober and hamster, bro.
We don't talk about that.
But after that money Percocets, you're going to do whatever you gotta do.
I know Hercules oId You're not going to get involved, bro.
Did you know that Goober and Hamster?
Actually, Eskimo brother, No ship.
That's a thing that happened.
Be jealous, Herkie.
Lloyd's it happened, Dude, I tried.
I spent two days trying to find a hole on Hercules.
I couldn't figure it out, Man, That's like trying to find a whole lot of Hercule Lloyd.
I don't care who you are.
That's funny.
We get it.
Teo.
That's basically he's plotting that he wants with Sloane.
Essentially, we'd get into Vinny's plot, which is the main beef.
It's supposed to be the movie.
Hello, Jill Osmond comes.
Vince is dating some girl named Annette.
She's looking actress.
She's she's a model turned actress.
I believe in family around her scheme.
I think she was in Gone Girl brought a house because she plays the Yeah, the college student that Ben Affleck sleeps within Gone girl, and she's in this movie and helical Los MIT falls in love with her, and he sees the movie and says he hates his notes.
Are I want to cut Johnny drama out of the movie, which is a big problem because, you know, everyone feels bad for Johnny Drama.
He's their dog, apparently.
Like a drama.
Yeah, well Oh, bro, bro.
Did someone feed Johnny?
He's puke it up in the corner, bro.
Sophie, Johnny Chung Ling!
Come on, fess up.
You would think you eat all the star magic from the Hercule Lloyd's, That's what Hercule Lloyd's drama.
Tommy, Get out of the garbage!
Don't you growl at me, bro.
Get out of the garbage.
Well, come on, baby bro.
Come on, little bro.
Oh, man, Bro.
The thing about cutting drama from the movie is like Johnny Drama is no stranger to being cut from movie.
Yeah, And granted, he's like all bro.
This is like, the best acting I've ever done.
Brought back may be about burb, but Donald Trump drama, Drop it, Drop it, Rama Rama.
Drop it, bro.
But just like the whole idea that, like, man, we can't bring ourselves to cut drama from this movie drama.
You're getting cut from that move.
Yeah, you know, come on, there's up.
So the hilly Jill Awesome.
It locks himself in the editing room, right?
And like tries to hijack the editor.
And this is when we got our first of two Mark Walberg cameos.
Where it's him, hamster and somebody else.
What's going on?
Oh oh, you've got someone locked in the editing room That happens all the time.
I'm doing ten three and we're making Ted three jokes, but there were twenty of them.
Also mentions Wal Burgers.
Way have to get that Wal burgers put O r.
Yeah, yeah, ball burgers It's on.
It's on Andy Brown.
Throw Wednesdays at nine thirty on any season five is happening.
Hold on.
This movie about my life is based on a TV show.
Also about my life.
And that's what made it, bro.
Bro, What's rial?
I gotta call Tom Brady, bro.
I don't know what's going on.
Hey, Tom, I really Hey, quick.
Hey, Tom Brady And we've got to do like the end of Fight Club, bro.
Shoot me in the fucking head.
Wake me up, Tom Brady, Shoot me!
And this is all a dream in my Tom Brady stream.
Oh, shit, bro.
I think I'm in inception.
I've been accepted, bro.
I auditioned for that movie and I got the fucking raw deal from that.
Chris, No and bro also to Flake ate a bunch of bullshit.
Tommy, your legend.
Brady is like, Oh my God, every week with this guy, it's just Tom Brady puts the phone on speaker and leaves it on the coffee table and walks away like you ever think like, if you maybe this is what we're all living on some Giants fingernail, bro.
I think about that all the time.
You Honestly you tell that to Tom Brady and he'LL be eating out of your palm man that guy would believe in because, I mean, he wants to make America great again.
Did you hear about Oh, yeah, he's a trump supporter, man.
What a fucking idiot.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
And it's not just because I'm a Giants fan, but what a fucking idiot with that shit.
Yeah, he's also a cheat.
He's also dirty run.
She's a baby.
Abandon er yeah, my child.
Where Vice stood in a basket.
Yeah, laments Tom Brady's Never had I could use Daniel Plainview.
This movies Where is the Daniel Day Lewis cameo in this movie?
Were all boys The party's just getting started?
Where are those Molly tablets.
Or how about Billy Bob would be an actual Texan villain?
Or some He's barely in this movie's like See You later movie.
Got Fargo to do that was on my knee off, man because like, I'm coming off Fargo Season two and I'm getting ready to start one.
And I was like, Oh, little, little Billy Bob Treat to ease me into Fargo Season one.
No, approximately four and a half minutes of screen time horse shit because, like like a Boba Fett of this movie, like all the best parts of this movie, he's not in it for you.
No more than five minutes.
My favorite Vinnie Chase lines.
So like the whole thing is like Oh, drama bull about kind of the movie.
They sit down with Hillary philosophies that actually, I'm not a fan of what you do, Vince.
I want to replace you in the movie because I'm so pissed off and I think it's after e breaks up with the girls or whatever, and like all the shit withdraw eternal comes in and they're all spouting all this worship like Oh my God, you see what he did?
Bob Loblaw drama.
Vinnie Chase's goes.
I don't give a fuck what you're talking about right now.
We've gotta worry about my problem, which is amazing, because that must be happening all the time.
Like you know what?
Drop it, Drama.
Yeah, Put it down.
Spit it out.
It's not the time for this shit, but that's like the end of the second act of this movie, which, if there is one, but there's not.
But if there was one, it's like they all got to get mad at each other and then go away for a little.
Because that's how you fucking tell his story, Doug.
Outlet.
Eight seasons of this horseshit.
You know, talk.
Why don't you direct a movie?
I let him do it.
I call him Dougie Dog.
He was a buddy of mine.
Doug takes my calls.
Ho, Shit.
My existential calls at two o'Clock in the morning, bro.
Every time I say Dougie dog, I want hot dogs.
I'm hungry.
Interview over.
I'm going to get hot dogs.
Hebrew National.
Here I come.
What do you doing, Mark?
You're the owner of Wal Burgers.
You gotta have burgers, bro.
Bro, I don't eat that shit.
What do you fucking crazy.
Not crazy.
A hamster.
I thought you're talking a goober, bro.
I just see Goober and your face all the time.
You were first cousins.
You see and goober everywhere, bro.
I'm worried about shit, bro.
Made people believe me, Gu is not dead.
Maybe it's all a dream.
I don't know what is reality anyways.
You know what I mean?
That's why I watch somebody fucking Red Sox games, bro.
What if we're living in the death dream of a fictional character?
Oh, vodka, bro.
That's deep.
That's deeper than the Mariana Trench.
Do you know how deep that is?
By the way, bro, That's like a whole other planet down there every night I go to sleep.
But I pray that I don't wake up back on the set of shooter like I always think, like maybe what if this is all a fever dream and I'm still in shooter.
That guy, Danny Glover was always yelling at me.
You've heard of this Danny Glover guy?
He was always yelling at me.
Wouldn't let up.
It was a real manger.
Also, Danny Glover.
Not a fan of the Hercules.
That's all I'm going to say.
He didn't want to catch with the herky Lloyds on the herky Lloyd's love jackets.
All they do, I'd say Hercule Lloyd have a beer?
Nope.
Blowing Yo, bro.
I don't know what happens.
I mean, like, basically, Ari loses his mind because, like, he's also kind of get forced out of the studio or something, right, Because it's going over budget, either.
The studio has, like no real tent pole.
There's no Marvel or Star Wars coming down the pipe hide, hide, hide, which everyone views is a vanity project.
Well, good.
Yeah, absolutely.
But just Eric, all you have to do is watch Hyde and you know it.
It's the best fucking movie ever made.
I know.
Turns out, it's a laster.
All you had to do was watch it, bro.
There's this one scene where Ari's driving in a golf cart around the studio and he bumps into David Spade.
David Spade's like Are You?
Put my movie releasing on May fourth.
How do you do that?
It's going to get so hungry is like David Spade's not opening a movie.
It may like it because it is this crackle I was going to say, as we all know he's a studio head of crack.
This is good.
This movie Hyde is going to be huge for Crackle.
Oh my God, you better bump up the bandwidth for crackle because here comes High Way.
Might have to Bubs of every Sports Jeopardy.
I'm crackle because I don't know what's gonna happen with this side.
Sorry David's way, Joe Dirt three Joe Dirt During the Revolutionary War, we'LL have to wait.
Jessica Alba pops out, and she's like Oh my God, she It's hilarious because it shows how little respect this movie has for it.
So because she's like, Oh, she's got a bunch of guns are a wire My doing the stupid zombie movie I want to do my passion project.
Now when someone's talking about a project they want to do, they're like, I want to do Solaris.
I want to do with her.
Yes, I want to do my passion Project Another gross and accuracy With this cameo, she wishes she was doing a zombie apocalypse, and also she's She's thinking about David Spade on crack.
So she complains that the director is Instagramming pictures of her ass hashtag Jessica Alba's ass.
So, she says, so goes the movie, That's Hey, that's the price of being a woman.
An entre Hey, you're either going to get pregnant or you're going to get fucked or you are fucked.
Then get pregnant.
Either way, we're looking at yet Entourage.
Either way, we're looking at yet what?
But also Oh, Warren Buffet, for some goddamn reason, is driving in a golf cart.
Apparently Orient.
Apparently, Warren Buffett is the owner of the studio, Sure, but the chairman of the studio's showing up John John Ellis, is on the studio lot.
What?
Oh, yeah, and he was goingto probably fire Ari.
Yep, played by Lost Alan Dale, great character actor Alan Dale Hill.
Strike Fear Into Your Heart.
The studio stuff again about the Ari stuff is fine.
It works.
It's that's like you're you're about the therapy stuff because now, like, are trying like because, apparently, to take the job like his wife made him do all this therapy stuff And was that it was that an end of the show thing, like did already retired?
Yeah, yeah, I was looking at thousands were competing.
Yeah, that was kind of the thing.
He retires right there, just undoing, and it's like you don't even see a scene of someone trying to convince Ari to come out of retirement.
You know what I mean?
Like, that's That's how you start Entourage.
The movie Vinnie Chase is pitching him this idea for this movie, and he gets behind it and he's convinced to come out of retirement.
The movie starts with, like he's already the head of this fucking studio.
It's ridiculous, but also I was leading up to a plow.
Another choice.
Celebrity Cameo.
We're talking Kelsey Gram, This's a laugh line.
Oh, man, I don't remember what he says.
What is the love line?
He walks out.
Eric's got it.
Oh, he's He's like rambling about Therapy is Well, if you're here, you're fucked as well.
I'm fucked your foot.
Did I butcher?
It's no, that's about it.
And then something happened to Liam Neeson, and this gives him like the finger for a second.
That was one of those ones where I was like was Liam Neeson on that show at some point?
Cause that sort of indicates the past history, probably, but also, you know, possibly not, because it's the Entourage movie and no one's given a fuck about it.
Why?
Here's a question.
Celebrity cameos.
I would love Bugs Bunny was in this, like, for four seconds.
Are you gotta get me the movie that I know bugs.
I know, but who let you out a tune to town?
Lord, did you let this very other to town?
That's a good point.
I say that because he's a cartoon.
Not because of his I love your Lord.
That's my love.
You're my boy, Lloyd.
That's the fifteenth twentieth plot of this movie is the alloy is getting married, right?
To maybe a guy that he met in the show.
I don't know.
It's Greg Louganis.
Greg, look how fuck that.
Yeah, that's stupid.
I mean, they don't say Lou gayness, but, I mean, it's actually okay.
Fucking totally handsome.
You know, Gray Fox, Greg Louganis.
And they're like, he's like, this is my fiance, Greg.
Yeah, and they want r ead giveaway, Lloyd.
Right?
Which is and here's the thing is like, you have the potential tow, have some heart in your movie and, like, let all at all.
Yeah, you want to put Yeah.
Lloyd is like the most sympathetic character in this movie because all these doing is like, you know, Are you engage in Lloyd.
That's no fun, isn't it?
Yeah.
You and my phone is gay Asian, Lloyd.
Yeah, and all the fucking bro's in the audience going piss there.
Fucking that G?
Yeah.
Do those jokes get old fast?
They certainly certainly life at Jinx.
I knew I knew you guys going to fight over Fat Gene was going to say great volleyball, Utah.
So it's like a beach party with the boys, right, dude?
Oh, squads, planes and beach volleyball, bro, go ahead with your fat jeans joke.
Well, it's been ruined now, but I was gonna mention to something about how they're there.
They're always damp because of that you're in because they're They're laughing so hard.
I was going to say my fat jeans were bone dry because none of these fucking gay bashing jokes are funny.
Damp.
You wouldn't drive.
Very interesting.
Nice serve back to say, Oh, yeah, I know Hercules.
It's a pretty good joke.
You know how particular that's how you tell a funny gay joke, but it's just like it's just this dude call.
I mean, it's just like the J mascot shit or like idea any.
He's also like a gay slash Asian mascot.
Like I hate any mascot ing.
That happens because, like, that's the token, whatever.
And we're going were cool with it.
He's cool with it, too, because he's always like you guys, and it's like, Yeah, but they check for this, guys, you know what I mean?
Like whatever.
Yeah.
I mean, it was either this or like, this dude tries to go toe fucking a mad TV audition or something.
I don't know, but I mean, I like this guy and like, you feel so bad for him that he's like, Listen, Ari, my dad hates that I'm gay, and he hasn't talked to me since I came out to him.
Would you please give me away at my wedding?
And he's like, Fuck you, gay guy.
I'm making a movie because that's what I do.
And I don't worry about you gay Got to drive around in Ari's for Ari.
Okay?
What?
I'm going to drive around in Ari's Ferrari, but yeah, men, vanity plates Fucking stick them up your ass.
Every last one of you know, turtle, and to go to the D.
M.
V and get vanity plates for the whole squad.
I guarantee you, a turtle is the one making the trip, and it's a big problem because you've got to show up in person to get those.
Yo, yo, Turtle, pick up some Bose headsets.
Five of them fucking pieces.
Shit House.
How is it ever a storyline where Turtle rips off Vinnie Chase like I know because he becomes an independent millionaire.
But that's a dude like you're like is selling Coke at a Vinnie's basement.
Dude, you need the Paulie in Rocky five.
Losing all that money.
I think we'LL let just house money like, Oh, you know, I use that house money, wasn't it that dude, Dom, who's the bald guy from the wire who was like kind of that character got a cameo in this like he's because he's a J was in this movie.
Yeah, now he was like evil Turtle, right?
Like from the mirror universe was bizarro turtle.
We had a little good tio Hey, was Gouverneur and its spark chased him through the portal of something.
Um, so actually, where that guy comes in, probably the most interest.
Not really interesting, but like Johnny Drama's plot is he's in this movie.
He's really excited about it.
Israel bro.
It's going to be great.
They're like, Oh, good for you dot drama Here's a treat.
And he's also got this relationship where he's like Skype sexing with this lady.
Yes, this is fabulous.
The in the middle of one sesh her boyfriend shows up and there's like, Fuck you, I'm going to find him when a Killian would ruin your life And he's like, What?
Have a bro come at me, bro?
Whatever.
And I don't know if we adequately explained this.
He was.
They were, like, face timing or whatever.
They were jerking off at each other at each other.
Yeah, when the boyfriend came in and he was none too pleased, he wasn't having it Also, apparently, this was the second time that day that they were doing this.
This woman's like we just did this, like, six hours ago.
I was like, What is with the fucking sex addicts in this movie?
Left and right.
Um, so school bra Johnny Drama's at an audition for like, I think it's the Mentalist.
Season two.
It's kind of okay.
Gag.
David Faustino is there.
That sucks, But Richard Schiff is directing the episode, which is about right.
Dude, it's David Frosty No, and Chad Lowe.
Is this audition lobby Wolf?
Yeah, that's that's what you get there because they're both at least one of them.
Or was on the show?
Probably, I would guess.
Sure, it was probably frosty.
No, you can't keep that Faustino down, but basically, everyone in the auditions starts laughing while he's doing the stand like Why?
What's going on?
And apparently the boyfriend leaked the tape of him jerking off, and he's on T M Z right?
And you've got to get that T M Z cameo in there.
Oh yeah, the tm z guys going like we got a huge celebrities, brother, and they all after I'll have a big rib Dick Linn Laugh way Think about this is and I mean, look, I don't want to see it, but every time they show it, it's blurred like it's on T M Z.
It's obviously blurred, but people watching it on the Internet and learned honestly the amount of female nudity have seen I want to see cock.
I don't care if he's using a cock double, but things on the Internet.
Don't get blurred, man like That's not what if a celebrity sex tape comes out, you see it.
You see exactly what's going on, and it's disgusting.
And also, I was kind of hoping like he goes to his therapist at one point.
Is it bro?
A.
But a real panic here.
And everyone's kind of worried about Johnny Drama like If this ends with Johnny Drama getting cyber bullied into killing themselves, your eye would love this kind of a two star movie.
Yeah, he takes all his clothes off, he walks into the Pacific Ocean and he never comes out like that.
Don Draper had he was trying to pick you.
Remember that?
Yeah, they're like Were were to go.
How is this supposed to advertise our hotel if he killed himself?
But like, yeah, I mean, like, if that's the end of it in the end of the movie, like you know, Vin makes the movie and drama.
Everybody loves him in the movie, but like it's the ending is Dramas Funeral Shore.
Oh, I would love it sets some stakes its weight.
It's something that you actually saying something about celebrity culture.
If like he really goes that far.
But that's what I was saying earlier.
Dude, like it has those opportunity Sure to comment and sad arise that stuff because you could even make his suicide funny.
But you could do it, right?
Yeah, he could be buried in his Viking Quest, bro.
It's like logo, she went.
That's how I want to go.
You know, generations had the balls to kill Kirk.
Have Entourage the movie, have the balls to kill drama.
Then he can leave.
Like like is Oh, Johnny Drama's Last Will and Testament.
And it's a video.
Yes, like bro, If you found yourself in the darkest timeline of Entourage, it means that I am dead.
Here's what you gotta do.
And he advises them to go their own ways and be adults and stop depending on one another.
And then he's like the hero, the fallen hero.
Yeah, that's a movie.
That's kind of a talent that Hannah's a movie.
Yes.
Listen, little bro, you're gonna have to learn to wipe your own ass eventually.
Man, you think?
How upset do you think Donnie Wahlberg is about the drama character?
Um, not that upset.
Well, yeah, I'm sure he beats something up.
Or I don't know if it's a wall or a dame or get overhere.
Guber.
I'm gonna beat your ass because of his drawn e drama.
But I got kids.
I don't care who I played a guy with cancer and that that fart alien movie Get over here.
It's either you were vaccinated, kid.
You're about to hear about this.
He married Jenny McCarthy, you know?
Wow.
Yeah, they ate them vaccinators.
If fucking hate him, do.
That's a big fat whatever.
Sure is smoking a big fat whatever is the entourage movie?
The end of the movie is hell, Egil And the thing is like at first you think of the old village Olazabal just kind of hates drama and maybe has the good points about the movie.
And then, like you, right, you find out that he's in love with the woman from Gone girl whose damn Emily ratajkowski Emily Ratajkowski like, and he's a fat loser.
So he knows nothing about nothing up and like he, like, loses essentially like our egos, this big meeting and he outs him my favorite part of this.
Are you going to this big meeting?
because it's the riskiest part of this movie.
Jeremy Piven's character decides he's got to get to this meeting.
It's like down the coast, whatever he's got to get there in time.
He charters a helicopter.
He gets there.
He lands on Alan Dale's golf course, and Alan Dale's like, Oh, you can't park there.
I'm trying to cover up me accent and you see Jeremy Piven get out of this functioning helicopter and this rug starts flip.
Photo doesn't I was like, Whoa!
Like I reached out to the TV like No, I thought that rug was going for now and the money he paid for that thing.
Oh yeah, that thing's got its own little ecosystem, where the president is stable it for that scene.
Like what?
Like Weekend at Bernie's?
Yeah.
Yo, Piven, where'd you get that rock?
Guba feel self conscious getting depot, So this meeting basically comes the light like that.
Hello, Jalazoun.
It's been the villain of the movie where the villain in the movie you should loses a guy.
Well, what?
No, I well, Lorne Malvo, czar like you, causing problems over pushy again.
Yeah, it's kind of a great line because the implication there is again.
And I was like, Oh, man, I just want this father son Malvo Texas drama.
Let's do the prequel, man.
Boy, Get in this house, God damn it, The entourage prequel.
Count me out.
Ah ah!
But basically he got he loses his job from the studio.
But like, it's points on the movie, right?
Like, that's kind of he takes a Jack Nicholson way out and he's baby girl gets born and that actually stops drama from suicide.
He drives there, and Aunt arise on Ari drives a cz well, and the Piers Morgan breaks the news because Piers Morgan has toe weasel his fucking face in this movie again.
Why on earth?
Just up, man, You know, can't Piers Morgan dude on the fucking stones on E.
This girl is in fucking labor.
Her first child.
It's a dicey situation.
It's coming fast.
What you do?
He spits on her almost.
She's like, he's like, Come on, take me back, bro.
And she's like, I can't bubble blah because you fucked my mom.
And he's like, Look, if we're gonna do this thing and I'm a nice guy and you're in labor, you gotta forget all that shit, and it's like, Well, well, he's a nice guy.
Yes, yes, it's true.
Once you miss it.
He went to the Lamas class, and while there threatened Chad Lowe for making faces at her.
Sure, that's what nice guys dio and like, he has a woman, which I would hate to be a woman born in the entourage universe.
It's like a dark timelines, bro.
You didn't have a son.
Oh, shit, bro.
Entourage over.
Entourage, Volume two ain't happening.
And like, he actually goes like she they get back together, She has a kid, and then the boys all get in the car, including e and drive off, like for maybe an hour later.
And I'd like to have fun raising it.
Yeah, it's just like That's not like you see, Dad's like, thirty our, you know, in in the delivery room and blah, blah, blah.
They looked like shit after twelve.
He's like, Oh, yeah, you, Vince, do it.
The movie probably thinks of the turtle's tequila to celebrate.
So at this point, we're just cutting to the Golden Globes, right?
Hey, why not?
We were going to cut to the Oscars, but we didn't get that license and Matt Lauer do.
Yikes, There is not a celebrity.
There's not a movie.
Matt Lauer will not be in No US Matt Lauer.
Toby Matt Lauer was almost in.
We're strangers just that he was this close to coming on.
Not not just for that factory, but that is disgusting.
The fact that Matt Lauer will do anything and he's just running his ignorant mouth about how great this movie is and how it's how it's been.
It's gotten food.
Four hundred and fifty million worldwide.
Five nominations, including best picture, and Johnny Chase, her best supporting actor.
Here's No no what a movies know that there are prestige movies that get nominee nominations, right?
And there are movies that actually, like Make a Ton of Money and like you, Never the twain shall meet.
No, Star Wars just comes out.
It makes all the money.
Iand Narry an award to be found, but that's how it works.
You start like this, and it'LL get a technical or whatever.
That's fine.
Vinnie's involved.
It's the perfect storm, and it's going to get everything.
I mean Titanic way back when, but that's a long time ago, Darhk.
That got a little bit of that, but not much, just because the acting thing for a ledger.
But am I missing something in the last twenty years?
Like no, no.
Best picture nominee ever made was an avatar like, Yeah, picturing.
But that was But this is the garbage timeline where we can have, like, ten best picture nominee.
That's part of the track.
Two thousand nine was one of them, and I wasn't.
It was nominated for best picture.
I don't know about that.
I mean, but you don't know about that.
Let's go to the Internet ticket.
Lord of the Rings, Lord of the Rings differently was in that category, I guess.
But like also, the other thing is, you know you're doing the Golden Globes.
Find out what the Golden Globes call their awards because it's I was sitting there.
Wait a second.
Was it motion picture drama or motion picture fucking comedy?
Musical comedy, musical?
Don't shove anything in there.
I'm looking at you, The Martian, the tourist dude like what the like?
I get it.
Matt Damon is funny in that movie.
That's not a comedy.
No, that's I mean the Golden Gloves whatever you know, I call him game, but I was one of my boys brought We'LL go see Red Sox games, but he doesn't like going to the Pats games, though, Bro.
He's not a football fan.
It's a little fucking weird.
Guba loved football.
I always go there.
Are you pulling up nominees?
You just start track.
He's just looking at Star Trek fax.
But so we have, like this endless footage of we're cutting between them on a fake red carpet and just stock footage.
Celebrities on the red carpet.
You got George Clooney walking around on the Adams shows Adams, the redheaded girl from Spider Man.
Yeah, um, what I must own Emma Stone.
She's there.
But you all not there and know that they're actually at the Golden Globes.
But I was wrong, I guess.
What was a District nine?
District nine.
Oh, yes, that's what.
Yeah.
Anyway, they do.
Ask Matt Lauer's.
Someone asked Ari Gold, What's he gonna do next?
Now that he's conquered Hollywood, right?
And he says, Oh, I might run a country next.
I know some that could use me, you know?
Ah man, cut to Ari Gold's had being used as a soccer ball and I would love it.
That's what I want.
He tried to tell off some, you know, Iraqi president or something.
Speaking of Lord of the Rings, the first ending of this movie, you know, it's one thing to like, because there's this.
It's not a great shot, but it's a shot of the boys that they just did the Matt Lauer interview, right?
And we know that drama was nominated and he's like, Yeah, that's great for me, bro.
Victory.
And like he, they all walked into the Golden Globes and it fades to black.
And I'm like, That's the end of your movie.
Like you don't know who wins.
It's fine.
That was Nominate.
We know that it made all the money in the world and all of our favorite characters want Yeah, it's the end, the end end.
Then we cut to Mark Walberg reading the fucking this best supporting actor.
No, when you said first of two cameos, I forgot about this.
I was like, What's he fucking talking about?
And it's so stoop because he looks and he opens the involved Fuck Bea, bro and oh, just bring on the belly laughs everybody.
No one does that at the Golden Globes.
And what kind of gas with Johnny Chase.
Then I'll tell you who's not gonna win an Oscar.
It's a It's a Donnie Walberg.
It's a fit to see.
It's like Cooper coming back from the dead of the Hercules.
Get back together and he gets up there and man Mark Wahlberg with another stupid line like his dramas like All Got Stage fright and he doesn't really know what to say.
And he's like, Pro, You can fuck it later.
Talk now and I'm like, Oh, he's this jukebox in thirty seconds Live television, right?
And then Johnny Drama goes victory and it was, well, four, four, four throws all the bones And then he eats them.
So that's ending to It's like drama won a Golden Globe ddo.
So this is like return of the King.
Yeah, speaking of ending at this point, and then the credits literally start and I'm like, Oh, I was like, kind of in a rush to get out of the house today.
So I was, like, done.
I went downstairs to get my sweater that I hear wedding bells and I'm like Oh, you've got a beginning.
May run on Floyd's fucking wedding that we've forgotten.
Speaking of Star Trek, Sue was given amount George Takei is not given about.
He's officiating Asian gay man, and I guess he has to be a part of this.
He's also Hollywood royalty.
You know, I wasn't that bum to see George Takei.
He's always a ray of sunshine.
May I'LL take any cat check I could get Captain.
Oh, absolutely, I would also recommend meant to my bank account there, George down the George Takei documentary like About Is any good?
Yeah, really, it is.
I enjoyed it quite a bit.
That's I am Takei or well, being.
It's something like that.
It's two k's in the title.
I got you.
Yeah, you searched okay for Netflix or fine?
Yeah, it's it's totally entertaining, like that movie.
Okay, I thought I thought we had a second opinion.
He seemed like an expert.
Now it's just he's a big George Takei fan, but it's totally enjoyable.
Unlike the entourage, unlike the scene that just kind of happens and then, like this is when we get everyone in Floyd's wedding and Holly Walsh was like, Oh, Wouldn't it be funny if this was a movie slash TV show?
And that's how we end Our thing Run arouses their We end our movie with a freeze frame product of flash photography.
Fade to Black Knight because they're getting the wedding pictures and it's like Everybody get in here.
What if it was a TV show?
Amra Flash would be great if at the end of this movie it's around arousing, giving all the boys medals except for except for drama because he's kind of a dog kind of Chewbacca Does a recovery are I would like to cut into the future like like twenty fifty eight, And it's like a shot of their mass grave because they demanded to be buried together in a car.
They were all buried together in a Cadillac car, By the way.
Lot of money with them suicide doors boom.
Oh, yeah.
What if they did?
Because we're, you know, this is an HBO franchise.
What if they ripped up the ending of six feet under and we just flash forward to all of them dropping dead?
I would love that would be fantastic.
Oh, my go.
Oh, God.
I'd love it.
writes dramas.
Definitely suicide.
Maybe not now.
But maybe it's like maybe he gets like a carrot dio.
Definitely, definitely.
I'm thinking Turtle goes down, too.
Like, inspect his tequila operation in Mexico.
And the cartel does Shoots a bullet.
Oh, yeah, dude.
Yeah, Exactly.
E definitely dies during sexual intercourse while cheating on Sloane.
Yeah, well, he just has a big fatty Arbuckle heart attack and dies.
Maybe like one hundred years old time, especially a sixteen year old girl, and write a fucking creep on that puts him down.
He's just some leathery old fucking Hollywood Congratulations.
E founded the Murphy Group.
Baby, don't you wanna wait?
I worked.
We vented, Jase.
I know.
Gary, if you hey, hey, was thing.
Vinny Chase is definitely a drug overdose.
Bottoms out in Hollywood, I feel, Yeah.
Good heavens murdered by somebody.
Hey, says the wrong thing.
Maybe Lloyd, maybe Lewis, all the ultimate revenge.
Lloyd kills him and it's a crime of passion.
And then how does Lloyd go shot with a cannon shot with Cantona?
My God, I'm out of deaths and I think Lloyd dies in a very cool barbarian invasions kind of thing.
Hey!
Hey, Cabin in Canada.
Reference and Cavin.
He's like laying down and all of his friends quietly say goodbye.
So many.
I'd love it.
That's great.
Oh, man, Would anyone recommend this non movie?
No, it's not a movie.
I mean, like it.
I get it.
If you're a fan of this show, whatever.
Maybe this did it for you.
It's almost too private to be released.
Why you No, like you should have had to sign up on a mailing list.
That was like proving you own all eight seasons on DVD and then they mail you another DVD of this movie.
And that's how you watched the entourage movie.
This is definitely like a special feature.
That's it.
Like I would say No, you know, unless you're, you know, a massive kissed.
Yeah.
I mean, I give this movie points for somehow, shockingly not being over two hours long.
It's over ninety, Which fuck you, but yeah, you're right.
It's under two hours.
In the age of to the new law of two hours and thirty four minutes.
Yeah.
I mean, I was really getting bummed, like, starting this late last night.
Like fuck, I gotta watch his entourage movie and then I turn it on.
I was like, Oh, aren't one hundred four minutes I could deal with this And Fantomas does not show up to steal Ari Gold's Infinity Stone.
No, but I did flash fast forward to the end because I figured a movie this dumb had to have some jerkoff fart noise, vomit sound gag at the end.
But it's nothing that the movie doesn't end the first time with the Puff Daddy song.
Bad boys from Like Mace Mace.
Apology.
Oh yeah, dude m a dollar sign, E I forgot, because that song's twenty years old.
Yeah, like it just shows the relevance of this franchise you.
And with that movie sensibilities, this is early two thousand.
Nonsense, all of this.
But somehow this is supposed to take place in twenty fifteen, somehow twenty fourteen or some shit, is it not a period piece?
I didn't think so.
Maybe it is that what Daniel Day Lewis wasn't in it.
That's the one reason that's the Entourage movie from, of course, twenty fifteen.
Directed by Doug Ellin.
It's the first of our worst of twenty fifteen under the wire, going to let you know Jon Favreau's in this movie cameo, right?
Looking bigger than ever.
But let's let's get to the end of the show.
I like you a big child.
Gavras wait before we called credits on this movie by says, he looks quote bigger than ever.
I know he's a He's a fine actor and director.
I've just it fluctuates.
No surprise to see him in this movie, and I didn't recognize him.
For half aside, I I'm the same way like you Never.
You never know with Fabbro.
He they're like, cut from marble or Well, I think that was He made that chef movie and he was eating all that food.
Yeah, you know.
Either way, fabs, you're gorgeous.
We love we Don't worry about Fabbro John Fabrizio was just think, not W h m curse.
So he's not doing fine.
He's terrible.
All right, let's move along.
You'LL live a good life.
Now check out Mohr episodes of our show at wme podcast dot com.
Do not worry about Piers Morgan.
Oh, no, I'm fine with that.
O r.
Over it's sideshow network dot tv, like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter were at W H M podcast.
What were some of your worst films of twenty fifteen right into the mail bag.
We all hate movies at gmail dot com.
Now next week, Steve, we have a movie that you and I have seen already.
Eric has not seen it at the time with his recording that it is pretty stupid.
It's what you call barely a movie, and you're going to say your biggest surprised.
It's called Russell Madness.
He oh, it sure is.
It's a movie where a dog wrestles men.
Yep, with John.
John Ratzenberger is the only start to be found yet, which just you know what for.
Folks at home with your movie barometer.
Set it to John Ratzenberger is the only star of this movie.
It's on Netflix that you can find it.
Go give it a watch before the episode.
If you have the time.
Oh, it's ah, horseshit or dog shit.
I gently dogs at Russell Madness.
I think the horses in that movie that there's definitely a talking monkey.
Oh, if you bet your Bibby there, I can't wait.
So next week, Russell Madness.
Until then, I'm Andrew Jew Pin Eric says Stephen.
Say that and to take us out.
Please enjoy a new track from Rua.
This is change your mind.
We'LL see you next week Trauma clay Smooth between the rest ofthe cons.
Wait just two for two.
You can't change Change.
Wait, wait, wait.
Change, Change, Change, change Change your mind
